it's DSPs best games that you didn't
play this year my ten personal pics of
exceptional games that you probably
didn't hear about number two Deadly
Premonition director's cut so similarly
to the previous entry on this countdown
Deadly Premonition director's cut was
another HD re-release of a game that
really not a lot of people had heard Oh
what did have somewhat of a cult
following Deadly Premonition director's
cut took a game about survival horror
mystery comedy and quirkiness and gave
it a much needed upgrade on the
PlayStation 3 now unfortunately the game
suffers from some serious problems
including severe framerate drops in
certain portions of the game however the
good news is it only happens in parts of
the game that are open world and it
actually doesn't affect ninety percent
of the game play of the game but because
of this report of the framerate nonsense
a lot of people said it was an inferior
game and chose not to play what a
mistake this game is one of the most
original weird fun and entertaining
games that I think I've played any years
it has this ominous scary atmosphere
crude creepy monsters crazy bosses of
ongoing murder mystery that you're
trying to investigate a main character
that talks to himself as if he's a
different person it's just absolutely
nuts off the wall zany possess is that
kind of Japanese sexual style humor that
keeps you laughing along and it just has
some crazy stuff in it that really is
entertaining I'll be honest I still
don't know what the fuck the plot was
about in this game I may be kind of did
it was just so zany but I had so much
fun playing it doesn't matter it's just
a shame that this game gets an HD port
and a chance to shine and because of a
few stupid framerate issues most people
decided to skip it I actually cannot
wait from the next game from this game
development studio which currently is
under development for the next gen
consoles I cannot wait for for that to
come out but at the same time I wish
that more
people would give this game a look if
you can forgive the few times or the
frame rate is very poor this game is
very good if you like if anything does
the TV series Twin Peaks is the best
comparison that I can make to this game
it's that kind of suspenseful mystery
sci fi forward drama you're gonna love
it check it out if you did not or at
least give the playthrough a look it's
definitely worth your time all right up
next it's the end of the countdown what
is the best game that you didn't play
this year come back and find out